hey hold on hold on hon I know the why
okay listen guys there I found a wire
it's up about in the here's the mp5k I'm
just going to show you exactly where I
found it and I picked it up because it
wasn't recording its rate there's
Deadshot daiquiri the wire was rate
under hair so I picked it up if you look
in my inventory rate where my hands are
that is the wire okay and what do you do
with the wire to electrical boxes one is
connected one is shorting out so see
that's the proper way to do a video you
show exactly where you got the wire and
explain where it was and how you got it
and now shown in the inventory which
people couldn't explain earlier space
Nikolai leaps across the molds at the
wire worth wires in the moon yeah
cinnamon base I'll be up in a sec okay
I'm following you
for the help bless you where the hell
are we going on all right where's oh no
I need am over all right yell yell do
you think I had a good jumper anyway why
am i jumping so slowly definitely
where's that the Fox things come on guys
without the furnace I cannot hear the
box I told ya shorting out oh you don't
know where it is oh well I thought I was
following you because you knew where you
were going well I was going back because
it was obviously it wasn't where we hey
well you guys find it I got to stop this
and I look and I got to go upstairs for
a minute you know what it looks like yes
there on the wall when it's there both
did you like this video if you did check
out a couple days here at the top on
NextGenTactics we have a zombies live
stream with spider bite hypermobile yna
myself discussing what is going to come
of zombies in the future on call of duty
as well as multiple guest appearances
from who is listed on ngtzombies we have
ziam survival was a spider bite hyper
mode meat wagon to myself seeing how far
we can get and on the bottom on the gun
shop guns are smoking a cuban this time
telling us about his new gamers abroad
series 2 l.a guys be sure to click the
corresponding thumbnails to watch the
video